Update close-cancel-sumo-account.md (#4338)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/manage-subscription/close-cancel-sumo-account.md

description: The owner of a Sumo Logic Free or Trial account may delete their Organization from Sumo Logic, which will close the account permanently.
---

This topic covers how to delete your organization from a Sumo Logic Free or Trial account and permanently close the account. It also provides instructions for cancelling a Sumo Logic licensed account. 

:::info

> Accounts, if cancelled or closed, do not cancel any financial responsibilities outlined in the contract.

Author: ```suggestion
Any financial obligations specified in the contract remain in effect even if an account is cancelled or closed.
```
